OK
That's so great!
Chen Li
What is this?
Don't you cherish these things the most?
It turns out that there is still a wet name engraved on it.
You dirty thoughts
Wet him, you know?
Are you crazy?
Don't say another word.
Do you hear me?
You're the crazy one.
You want to destroy Guoguo
Destroy the most important thing that gets wet
I want you to taste what it's like
Is Lin Xinyi all wet?
What do you think he would think when he saw it?
What did I give you?
Why should you try this more?
Chen Ming
You have been through Tsinghua
Get out of here
I don't want to cut you anymore.
Wang Yue, let's meet
You see
Go down.
GuoGuo
How do you know his name is Guoguo?
Could it be
What do you have to do with him that I don't know about?